knock the door down 12 detective there's
a situation that demands the best of the
best brick mansions it's so dangerous we
built a wall around it no one gets in
another leaders got the mayor and have
the city hostage I'll say we spot the
bitter net bony million think you can
handle it handle needs handler you have
no intel inside we've got someone who
knows brick mansions maybe convict is my
partner I got to plan to get us in us
first chance you get what are you gonna
do put up on the back of my head could
have Q it this is gonna be a lot of fun
doing here
who taught you out to fight who taught
you how to speak English to watch my new
sheriff in town he's got to make you a
little bit anxious
that's a really bad idea
hello bear let's go now this is better
than the stairs ya gotta plan chiquis a
stogie squat
you